when you first come into this field, I think one of the priorities is
to sit back and observe and thio. Look at those individuals that already
there. I think the mistake is to go in full force and and try to
take care of yourself. And in that case, I think many of the people
that are you are supervising will consider yourself selfish. So I
think that really as a leader, you need to observe those around you
find who is doing what, find out who is the experts on certain things
and get to know those. Hopefully you've done some research on where
you're going, so you have a background. But I think that the first
priority, really is that just sit back, observe and to see kind of
the environment in which you're going into before you step into either
direction of taking care of your own personal calls or diving completely
into the individuals and ignoring your own career.